{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12120\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document outlines the consensus of the group regarding the overall quality of the \'91Introduction to Emacs\'92 workshop. Firstly the aspects of the workshop we thought went well will be discussed followed by the parts of the workshop we could improve. The workshop was split into three parts: Presentation on Emacs prepared by and presented by Jaimie, Basic Navigation prepared by and presented by Nicholas, C-compiling with Emacs prepared by and presented by Daniel.\
\
The points thought to be of a good standard were: the presentation at the start, exercises, and the overall objective of the workshop being reached. The presentation was informative giving a brief history in to emacs and the reasoning behind some of the design decisions. The talk given by Jamie was also well presented with clear explanations and a delightful speaking style. Finally the presentation served as an excellent introduction such that opening Emacs for the first time was not daunting.\
\
The purpose of the exercises given were to get the class used to using Emacs and to understand some of the difficulties and useful functions. The consensus of the group was that these objectives were reached with a good variety of tasks such as: basic navigation, use of calendar mode and use of C. The tasks seemed to be of a somewhat reasonable challenge with people taking time to do each exercise and asking for help which the three members of the group did well. However some improvements to the tasks could of been implemented which will be discussed in a later section.\
\
Finally the main objective of the workshop was not to go through every aspect of Emacs, the objective was ease the initial learning curve such that the students could continue to learn without being initially overwhelmed. After talking with students afterward it seemed that this objective had been fulfilled. \
\
The parts of the workshop that could be improved were: The use of equipment available, tasks and some aspects of presenting the material. Firstly the talk given by Jaime could be improved by facing the class as opposed to needing to change slides at the computer (although some blame can placed on the bizarre room layout).\
\
Although the tasks were of optimal difficulty for most people, there were a few people who found the tasks too easy. So in future it would be beneficial to have a set of tasks with a greater range of difficulties. Furthermore the final set of tasks which was to use C with Emacs had too much C involvement. The idea was to use the Emacs compilation modes, however this did not materialise due a misunderstanding of the ability of emacs on this part. \
\
The presenting of material was generally good, however improvements can always be made. The basic navigation section was completed a little too fast, with too many commands in a short space of time. Some parts were not as smoothly presented as we would of liked such as the changing the theme live demo.\
\
Finally there were a few minor problems that would need fixing such as small typos and problems with the virtual machine.\
\
Overall the workshop was good considering it was the first one with no standard to go from.}